docs(labels): add description and link for labels as well as an example #372 (#386)
semantic-release/gitlab: README.md

| `successComment`      | The comment to add to each Issue and Merge Request resolved by the release. Set to false to disable commenting. See [successComment](#successComment).          | :tada: This issue has been resolved in version ${nextRelease.version} :tada:\n\nThe release is available on [GitLab release](<gitlab_release_url>)                      |
| `failComment`         | The content of the issue created when a release fails. Set to `false` to disable opening an issue when a release fails. See [failComment](#failcomment).        | Friendly message with links to **semantic-release** documentation and support, with the list of errors that caused the release to fail.                                 |
| `failTitle`           | The title of the issue created when a release fails. Set to `false` to disable opening an issue when a release fails.                                           | `The automated release is failing 🚨`                                                                                                                                    |

> | `labels`              | The [labels](https://docs.gitlab.com/ee/user/project/labels.html#labels) to add to the issue created when a release fails. Set to `false` to not add any label. Labels should be a comma-separated as describe in the [officical docs](https://docs.gitlab.com/ee/api/issues.html#new-issue). E.g. `"semantic-release,bot"`. | `semantic-release`                                                                                                                                                      |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `labels`              | The [labels](https://docs.gitlab.com/ee/user/project/labels.html#labels) to add to the issue created when a release fails. Set to `false` to not add any label. Labels should be comma-separated as described in the [official docs](https://docs.gitlab.com/ee/api/issues.html#new-issue), e.g. `"semantic-release,bot"`. | `semantic-release`                                                                                                                                                      |
```
